Hey guys, it's Dev, and we've gotta have a talk.
The channel's going on hiatus again, but it's not going to be like previous hiatuses.
Most of you probably know this, we have an editor working with us on the videos who calls
herself camera lady.
Well a week ago or so, she took off to Newfoundland.
She's handling some family stuff over there and I don't know when she'll be back.
Not that it matters to you guys too much because you don't actually see her, but it does affect
the videos.
During previous hiatuses, like back in December or March, we just took a week off from uploading
anything.
This one's going to be different.
Cam edited several videos in advance, and I'm posting them, but there are some she didn't
get to.
Sonic, Barkley, SoulSilver, and Banjo seem to be in order for the time being, while Link
to the Past and the anime stuff isn't.
So this hiatus is more of an editing freeze than an uploading freeze.
I know how to edit a little bit, but I'm not nearly as good as her at it.
I'll try to keep us up to date, but until she gets back we simply might miss some upload
days.
It's not all bad though.
We're making arrangements to be able to put out even more content in the near future,
including reviving the idea of having multiple anime videos per month.
Cross your fingers.